.TH VERLIHUB 1 "June 2011" verlihub-1.0 "June 2011"

.SH NAME
verlihub \- VerliHub is a Direct Connect protocol server (Hub)

.SH DESCRIPTION
Verlihub has some utility scripts that can be used to install a new hub or manage existing ones:
.TP
.BR 
.I vh_manage
a script that includes features to manage hubs through a graphical interface (GUI)
.TP
.BR 
.I vh_manage_cli
a script that includes features to manage hubs from command line interface (CLI)
.TP
.BR 
.I vh_multihub
a script that allow you to run multi instances of VerliHub from command line interface (CLI)
.TP
.BR
.I  vh_regimporter
a script that allow you to import registration from PtokaX, Aquila and YnHub
.P
For more information please check <http://www.verlihub-project.org/page>

.SH "SPECIFIC FILE DESCRIPTIONS"
.TP
.BR {CONFIG_DIR}/dbconfig
The global file for hub settings. Here there are variables you can use:
.RS
.TP
.BR 
.I db_host
Hostname for MySQL server. Can be a local server (localhost) or external server
.TP
.BR
.I  db_data
Database name for VerliHub hub settings
.TP
.BR
.I  db_user
MySQL username to access DB. User should has all privilegies
.TP
.BR
.I  db_pass
Password for username
.TP
.BR
.I  locale
The locale code that should use VerliHub
.RE
.TP
.BR {CONFIG_DIR}/log
General log file. Written information depends on log_level variable
.TP
.BR {CONFIG_DIR}/err
Log file to check application error
.TP
.BR {CONFIG_DIR}/help_*
Help files will be called when user/admin use !help command in the hub
.TP
.BR {CONFIG_DIR}/plugins/
This directory contains enabled plugins for the hub. They will be automatically loaded when hub start
.TP
.BR {CONFIG_DIR}/scripts/
This folder contains all scripts wirtten in LUA and Python languages. hey will be automatically loaded when hub start 

.SH AUTHOR
Original author: Daniel Muller (dan at verliba dot cz) 2003-05
.br
Current authors: chaosuk, netcelli, Stefano                 

.SH REPORTING BUGS
Report bugs to <http://www.verlihub-project.org>
.br
Support forums: <http://www.verlihub-project.org/discussions>
.br
Wiki pages: <http://www.verlihub-project.org/page>
.br
Translate VerliHub using Transifex.net on <https://www.transifex.net/projects/p/verlihub/>

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
License GPLv2: GNU GPL version 2 <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
