.TH vh_regimporter "1" "June 2011" verlihub-1.0 "June 2011"
.SH NAME
vh_regimporter \- This is an utility script to convert registered users to VerliHub
.SH DESCRIPTION
This script will import registered users from PtokaX, YnHub and Aquila to VerliHub reglist table. These are all available options that you can use with this script:
.br
.I "To use converter you need libxml2 installed"
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR "-p, --ptokax <RegisteredUsers.xml> <Profiles.xml> <path_to_dbconfig>"
To convert registered users you will need two XML files:
.RS
.TP
.BR RegisteredUsers.xml
contains registered users with nickname, password and profile ID
.TP
.BR Profiles.xml
contains information about profiles
.P
First script will ask you to map PtokaX profiles with VerliHub classes. Then program will automatically add all users in reglist tables. If a MySQL query will failed you will see a error about no-added user.
.RE
.TP
.BR "-y --ynhub <accounts.xml> <profiles.xml> <path_to_dbconfig>"
To convert registered users you will need two XML files
.RS
.TP
.BR accounts.xml
contains registered users with nickname, password and other information
.TP
.BR profiles.xml
contains information about profiles
.P
This option will also import: Registration date, OP creator, Last login
.br
First script will ask you to map YnHub profiles with VerliHub classes. Then program will automatically add all users in reglist tables. If a MySQL query will failed you will see a error about no-added user.
.RE
.TP
.BR "-a, --aquila <Aquila.xml> <path_to_dbconfig>"
To convert registered users you will need only Aquila.xml file that is generated in configuration directory of the hub. This option will also import: Registration date, OP creator, Last login, Last IP.
.br
First script will ask you to map Aquila profiles with VerliHub classes. Then program will automatically add all users in reglist tables. If a MySQL query will failed you will see a error about no-added user.
.TP
.BR "-v, --version"
This option prints version information about this script and VerliHub.
.TP
.BR --help
displays this help message
.SH AUTHOR
Stefano <stefano@verlihub-project.org>
.SH REPORTING BUGS
Report bugs to <http://www.verlihub-project.org>
.br
Support forums: <http://www.verlihub-project.org/discussions>
.br
Wiki pages: <http://www.verlihub-project.org/page>
.br
Translate VerliHub using Transifex.net on <https://www.transifex.net/projects/p/verlihub/>
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
License GPLv2: GNU GPL version 2 <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.